README.md, before:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ankit Kumar

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2196F3&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Frontend+Developer;Learning+DSA+with+C%2B%2B;HTML+CSS+JavaScript+Expert;Problem+Solver;Always+Learning+New+Technologies" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate **Frontend Developer** who loves creating innovative solutions and learning new technologies. I specialize in building beautiful, responsive web interfaces and have a strong foundation in core web technologies. Currently expanding my skills in Data Structures and Algorithms to become a well-rounded developer.

- 🔭 I'm currently working on frontend projects and practicing DSA problems
- 🌱 I'm currently learning **Data Structures and Algorithms** using **C++**
- 💻 I have strong skills in **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript** for frontend development
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate on open source projects
- 🤔 I'm always open to discussing new ideas and opportunities
- 💬 Ask me about frontend development, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, or DSA concepts
- 📫 How to reach me: **ankitkumar7217734@gmail.com**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love solving DSA problems and creating beautiful user interfaces

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

<div align="center">

### Programming Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white) -->
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Technologies
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

### Backend Technologies
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white) -->

<!-- ### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white) -->

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) -->

</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ankitkumar7217734&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

<!-- ## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</div> -->

## 🔥 Contribution Graph

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=react-dark&bg_color=20232a&hide_border=true" alt="Contribution Graph" />
</div>

## 🎯 Current Focus

- 🧠 **Learning Data Structures and Algorithms** using C++
- 🎨 Mastering advanced **CSS techniques** and modern frameworks
- ⚡ Building responsive and interactive **JavaScript applications**
- 💡 Solving **DSA problems** daily to improve problem-solving skills
- 🌐 Creating beautiful and functional **user interfaces**

## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- Coming soon! I'll be sharing my thoughts on technology and development
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 🤝 Connect with Me

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankit-kumar-868341260/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Ankitkumar72177)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Ankitkumar7217734)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ankitkumar7217734@gmail.com)

</div>

## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🎓 Skills & Expertise
- **Frontend Development**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Responsive Design
- **Data Structures & Algorithms**: Currently learning with C++
- **Web Technologies**: Modern CSS techniques, DOM manipulation, Event handling
- **Problem Solving**: Algorithmic thinking and DSA problem solving
- **Version Control**: Git workflow and collaborative development
- **UI/UX Design**: Creating beautiful and user-friendly interfaces

## 🎨 Fun Projects & Interests

- 🌟 Open source contributor
- 💡 Tech blog writer
- 🎮 Game development enthusiast
- 📚 Continuous learner
- 🌍 Tech community participant

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>💖 Thank you for visiting my profile! Let's build something amazing together! 💖</h3>
</div>

---

⭐️ From [Ankit Kumar](https://github.com/Ankitkumar7217734)

Commit message:

Add user guidance note for opening links in new tabs

README.md, after:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ankit Kumar

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2196F3&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Frontend+Developer;Learning+DSA+with+C%2B%2B;HTML+CSS+JavaScript+Expert;Problem+Solver;Always+Learning+New+Technologies" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate **Frontend Developer** who loves creating innovative solutions and learning new technologies. I specialize in building beautiful, responsive web interfaces and have a strong foundation in core web technologies. Currently expanding my skills in Data Structures and Algorithms to become a well-rounded developer.

- 🔭 I'm currently working on frontend projects and practicing DSA problems
- 🌱 I'm currently learning **Data Structures and Algorithms** using **C++**
- 💻 I have strong skills in **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript** for frontend development
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate on open source projects
- 🤔 I'm always open to discussing new ideas and opportunities
- 💬 Ask me about frontend development, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, or DSA concepts
- 📫 How to reach me: **ankitkumar7217734@gmail.com**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love solving DSA problems and creating beautiful user interfaces

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

<div align="center">

### Programming Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white) -->
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Technologies
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

### Backend Technologies
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white) -->

<!-- ### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white) -->

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
<!-- ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) -->

</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Ankitkumar7217734&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

<!-- ## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</div> -->

## 🔥 Contribution Graph

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ankitkumar7217734&theme=react-dark&bg_color=20232a&hide_border=true" alt="Contribution Graph" />
</div>

## 🎯 Current Focus

- 🧠 **Learning Data Structures and Algorithms** using C++
- 🎨 Mastering advanced **CSS techniques** and modern frameworks
- ⚡ Building responsive and interactive **JavaScript applications**
- 💡 Solving **DSA problems** daily to improve problem-solving skills
- 🌐 Creating beautiful and functional **user interfaces**

## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- Coming soon! I'll be sharing my thoughts on technology and development
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 🤝 Connect with Me

<div align="center">

> 💡 *Right-click on links and select "Open in new tab" to keep this page open*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankit-kumar-868341260/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Ankitkumar72177)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Ankitkumar7217734)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ankitkumar7217734@gmail.com)

</div>

## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🎓 Skills & Expertise
- **Frontend Development**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Responsive Design
- **Data Structures & Algorithms**: Currently learning with C++
- **Web Technologies**: Modern CSS techniques, DOM manipulation, Event handling
- **Problem Solving**: Algorithmic thinking and DSA problem solving
- **Version Control**: Git workflow and collaborative development
- **UI/UX Design**: Creating beautiful and user-friendly interfaces

## 🎨 Fun Projects & Interests

- 🌟 Open source contributor
- 💡 Tech blog writer
- 🎮 Game development enthusiast
- 📚 Continuous learner
- 🌍 Tech community participant

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ankitkumar7217734&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>💖 Thank you for visiting my profile! Let's build something amazing together! 💖</h3>
</div>

---

⭐️ From [Ankit Kumar](https://github.com/Ankitkumar7217734)
